next up we got a great band out of New
Jersey give a hard rock band and they
are cold Westgate so let's give it up my
name is Joe Casper and is my privilege
right now to introduce you to the winner
of the grand prize a copy of my book
fire your diet 17 simple ways to stay
out of the doctor's office let's see
where the winner is got the ticket right
here 447 224 who won that gentleman in
the back congratulations we look forward
to assisting you to great health you
deserve it now when I further ado from
New Jersey the ban westgate thank you
very much we are westgate and this song
is called way out
can't you sleep I'll slip inside that
place in Sodom did y know you hired
don't go bad